In this video we have another
contribution to take a look at and here
their contributor opened up an issue
inside of GitHub to write CRUD tests for
the pet map service issue number 92 and
also provided a pull request. Let's take
a look at the pull request here. Go
and look at this closer. Earlier a
couple videos ago, you saw me setting up
the CircleCI checks and this is an
example where this is working. So if I do
show all tests, we can see that this
actually ran on CircleCI so this is
a check.
We know that the build is now passing. We
can see disintegrated right and to GitHub.
So we're real nice feature that we
have set up with the CircleCI
integration. You can see there's
several commits against this. So let's
come in here. I'm going to take a look at
the files changed inside of this pull
request.
The first one is config.yml. Just
a simple white whitespace change and
then the PetMapServiceTest. This is a
brand new file, new test class. So this
doesn't exist before. Couple of
things that the author did very nice
here. So we are using a final Long for
the petId. That's a good habit of
declaring that. You can see that we
created a PetMapService and then we
build a Pet with that final petId and
then we go through a number of different
tests. These all look fairly good. Nice
work on the test. So looks like we have
full test coverage and testing out a
number of different test scenarios like
deleteByCorrectId,  wrongId so we can
see that we do have a number of
different assertions. So nice job on the
test. I am going to go ahead and
merge this in. You can see here he's
referencing closes number 92. so go ahead
and merge that in.
This will probably kick off a build
in my CircleCI. You can see that I
was running because I have kicked off or
completed that merge and then we can
also see that that issue went to close.
So we are closing out issue. So guys are
doing a great job of creating issues
inside of GitHub and then writing pull
requests against them. So nice work there. Let's come down here and jump over to
IntelliJ and it will pull down that
latest change. Now remember if you're not
familiar with GitHub, what I have to do
is I did that on GitHub. So that has been
completed on GitHub but it has not been
completed locally and remember we saw
the white space changed to config config.yml and then the new tests
as well. So now I have this test class
locally and we can see the contributors
tag right up here. That's awesome. And the
variety of tests. I'll run this
locally just make sure that I run run
okay locally. And while that's running,
I'm going to jump back over here to
Chrome.
and we can see that tests are still
running. That's interesting. Those have
been done by now.
But we can see that the test did execute
properly. Double-check this. Let's take a
look at that
and it just completed. So we are back to
green. So everything is green. That it's
all looking good. So again thank you for
the contribution. We are improving our
test coverage as we go along inside of
this project and if anybody sees a
problem go ahead and create an issue and
issue a pull request and you just never
know I might include it in an upcoming
video. Thanks!